---
layout: post
title: My Path in Life
date: 2021-11-23 01:41:00
description: discussing my choices in life
---

# My Path in Life

I hope this is useful, in some sense, to a variety of audiences. I'll give a \
high-level overview of my path in life so far, as well as thoughts and \
restrospectives on my choices (insofar as I can say something meaningul about \
them).

## The Timeline

I double majored in Computer Science and Math at Johns Hopkins University,\
graduating in 2016 with my BS degree. Over the undergrad summer years, I worked\
at:
- 06/2013 - 08/2013 - **NASA** (Mountain View, CA): Research Assistant in the Department of \
Aeronautics
- 02/2013 - 09/2014 - **Incaptus** (Mountain View, CA): Took a summer to work on my own start-up \
with friends
- 06/2015 - 08/2015 - **IBM** (Austin, TX): Extreme Blue Intern
- 06/2016 - 08/2016 - enjoying time between undergrad and adult life!

During undergrad, I was a member of the university sketch comedy group. \
After graduation I occupied the following roles:
- 08/2016 - 07/2019 - **IBM** (Manhattan, NY): Machine Learning Software Engineer
- 08/2019 - 05/2021<sup>1</sup> - **Pryon** (Brooklyn, NY): AI Research Engineer

In NY, I was an activate participant in the improv and sketch comedy community, \
Ultimately, I decided to pursue graduate school:
- 09/2020 - Present - **UC San Diego** (San Diego, CA): Graduate Student Researcher

<sup>1</sup> *(there were some months where I concurrently pursued my studies at UCSD and work for Pryon)*

## The People

In undergrad, I was primarily mentored by two research mentors, **Raman Arora** \
and **Tamas Budavari**, as well as my faculty advisor, **Vladimir Braverman**. \
While at IBM, I was fortunate to work under **Tin Kam Ho** and **Luis Lastras** \
in the Watson Assist team, and **Tom Sercu** in the IBM Research speech group.

At Pryon, I worked with a number of brilliant researchers who helped shape my \
thinking and approach to research, including **Etienne Marcheret**, **Steve Rennie**, \
**Vaibhava Goel**, **Chul Sung**, and **David Nahamoo**.

Most recently, I am a PhD student at UC San Diego working under the mentorship\
of **Misha Belkin** and **Sanjoy Dasgupta**.

All of the aforementioned people were/are incredibly influential to me, in terms of \
my research progress, and I will take a moment to discuss the importance of \
these influences in my life.


## The Details

Upon graduating I rolled my previous summer internship into a job offer at **IBM\
Watson** in New York City working with the wonderful Tin Kam Ho and Luis Lastras\
in the Watson Assist group.

After three years I shifted to **Pryon**, where I met a lot of brilliant and\
friendly faces...folks that I had been familiar with since my time doing\
projects with the speech team at IBM Research.
